[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
hello
should I keep talking
[Music]
great mark give me a message inspect if
you're ready to go let's see you step
back we're ready to go
[Music]
here we go
hello everyone and welcome to the debut
episode of hot line League taking your
calls joined right now by Mark Zimmerman
how's it going mark it's gonna keep
getting longer
I was watching vods all day I had a
meeting with riot went to scara's house
now I'm here I can try and be up to
about 5 a.m. again my sleep schedule set
for Worlds yeah well for those of you
that don't know what this show is it's
pretty much all of you because mark and
I are still figuring out what it is but
we like the idea of having a call-in
show and so here we are
hotline League it's 10:00 p.m. on a
Wednesday and so we know that
everybody's sitting at home right now
you're thinking you got some questions
about League of Legends you got some
questions about your life you got some
questions
eSports and my Coast mark and I are here
to answer those questions and give you
all the advice you could ever need yeah
anything is is valid you're an angry TSM
fan about how you're getting hated on by
thorn and all these other bullies you
can call and let us know how that feels
talking about worlds what teams you're
looking out for what it's like being a
bronze scrub anything and everything
will be filled at almost but the way
it's gonna work as you guys can type
what you want to talk about in the
general chat of the discord which Travis
we'll be putting on screen and then I'll
be kind of pruning who I think looks
like they have some interesting stuff to
say I'll pull you into the waiting room
make sure your microphone is working all
that kind of stuff and then when we're
good to go we'll bring you on air for a
conversation there you go so you heard
it right there
join the discord get in the chat get
going you're gonna when you join you're
gonna put your question in the general
chat and and then mark is gonna go ahead
and we'll figure out how to get you in
in the meantime mark well the discord is
filling up and people are putting their
questions on the chat and everything's
going on talk to me about worlds prep
because you're getting ready this is on
the horizon yep I just had a two hour
meeting at riot and we were just it was
the whole on-air broadcast team talking
about like storylines we want to hit for
every team stuff like that so I have
watched groups a/d part of be and part
of see so I still have a little bit more
prep to do
to be 100% honest but I got some long
nights ahead of me to do that you know
there's also a lot of people in chat
making fun of my lighting compared to
you so I think I need to go run into my
room and steal a light okay I mean you
can if I think people just like the
color of my lighting yes I mean I have a
colored letter oh really okay well if
you want to do that okay are you gonna
do that right back okay this will give
time for chatot to put some questions in
there yeah during this time I will keep
the chat company get people going yeah
we don't have the discord link yet we're
still ferrying it out but you know it's
an exciting first time here on the pilot
of late-night hot line League I just
realized I was not actually recording
this so hopefully the twitch pod is good
yeah you have resist impulse your
question you go ahead and join the
discord put that in the general chat in
the discord the discord information is
on screen right now and will add you to
the call in just a short time I need to
mute mark on discord so that I don't I
don't get double double noise here in a
second
you guys single we're not answering
those types of questions here
Alex asking about if she can sleep on my
couch for two weeks
I'm leaving for China soon it's
complicated time discord is in the chat
though as you can see we're off to a
great start while mark gets his lighting
situation set up sammy is planning on
sleeping in my bed while I'm in China
right now so that's part of the problem
but if you want to come down next week
maybe actually I'm going up to North Cal
tomorrow so we'll figure it out but
we'll do it whenever we're not in the
show all right we're gonna talk about it
we'll figure it out Alex we'll figure
something interesting out looks like we
got some questions coming in the chat as
we're getting the show going if you're
watching the vaad you can skip this part
it's kind of boring we're still figuring
stuff out there are technical challenges
involved in this kind of thing and I'll
put my esports glasses back on while we
we wait for this to figure out I know
very unprofessional I agree very very
unprofessional twitch chat talk to me
subscript preferential treatment right
that is a plan for later on I have to
figure out how to link my dis court to
or link this discord to the twitch chat
so that I can see who our subs since
that we can give them preferential
treatment but you know if your name is
zodiac sheep which it looks like it is
in the discord we'll be able to
hopefully hook you up there we go we got
some blue and red lighting going okay
we're figuring it out so it changes
colors that's not gonna be distracting
at all
doesn't not gonna be distracting at all
mark listening to it change colors oh
hang on I need to unmute you on the
discord I just realized the immediate
Skype okay there we go yeah yeah okay is
it gonna be too bad I can uh you know
what we'll try it for a little bit and
we'll see how it goes
yeah can we try and take up the remote
but I figured right now yeah so I notice
Mike spam and zodiac sheep both in the
discord ready to join the chat and talk
to us they're subs so I believe in them
they're not gonna have stupid questions
if you want to pull them in I seem like
spams question what was the other guy's
name again a Zodiac sheep hmm go ahead
and pull my experiment maybe yeah I'll
grab Mike spam okay I'll be right back I
gotta go in the waiting room make sure
his mics good to go okay see some
questions he has odx GP should repost
the question
in the discord chat you join the discord
which I'm sure will get linked in just a
moment
elevator music I agree with that
here we'll play he's in mic spanning us
okay hello I am Mike spam you want to go
by Mike spam is that you're sure okay
that's fine by me and where where are
you from Mike spam the suburbs of
Seattle suburbs of Seattle we've got
Mike spam calling in with a question
Mike spam what is your question for mark
and I all right so it's been a couple of
months since RIF rivaled and we're right
at the beginning of worlds does anyone
care about what happened to riff rivals
and after worlds well anyone care what
happened there rift rivals and with that
answer in mind next year what would it
take to get you to actually care about
rift rivals alright sounds like you're
swimming you don't care about rift
rivals right now correct and that's
probably a fair assessment mark my
colleague here I would ask you did you
care about rift rivals that are all
until but especially before North
American look was looking like it was
gonna win I care about rich rivals
before it started I thought it was a fun
event I actually liked the idea of the
first rift rivals more when it was like
everyone kind of plays against each
other and almost like a crew battle kind
of style versus like a group stage kind
of thing so I was actually a little
disappointed with the change I thought I
went from like being more fun to more
serious and then we won the more serious
version that was cool even if he you
stomped I would have been like it kinda
had it coming after MSI yes so I think
definitely or there were some questions
about if people cared about rift rivals
until North America you know North
America obviously care a lot about it
once we started to win and then I think
now nobody really cares about rift
rivals other than will brag about a
little bit whenever na never really play
see you but until then you know it
doesn't really matter so
and in terms of what would it take for
next year I think incorporated maybe you
know it felt - maybe one off for me
so you either make it really goofy and
really fun like the original format or
you you change it so that it feels like
it's more incorporated into the system a
little bit more but I think that's the
that's the answer for us my expand thank
you so much for the coil quick just to
build off of that
yes I think this is the logical next
step can rift rivals and all-stars both
exist in the same circuit ah I
personally think that I like the idea of
drift rivals just being more fun I think
it's kind of weird to ask teams and
motor season to stop what they're doing
and go have fun so it's a tough question
I I think I would prefer to you know put
the pressure on the teams to go to an
event than not though I do know that pro
players are kind of overworked right now
a little bit so it's touchy but I prefer
to see more events than not yeah very
good thank you so much my experience or
the question Mike spam from Seattle
sending you back all right what do we
got next I know that we have Zodiac
zodiac sheep asked a question there I
don't know if you want to take it but he
is a sub so I do he does get some sort
of preferential treatment there we are
we doing preferential treatment even on
the first episode well we'll do it for
these two part for those dollars we'll
do it for those two guys
all right I'll pull zodiac sheep in go
on the waiting room real quick all right
zodiac sheep you gotta meet yourself so
I can hear you and uh all right we're
grabbing zodiac sheep again if you're
just tuning in this is a call-in show
where we take your questions straight
into the show you come on you ask a
question zodiac sheep where you from
joining us hello I am from most recently
New Mexico and I'm glad to be here
yeah glad to have you on the show zodiac
sheep zodiac chily what is your question
for mark a knight so it's a question
more directed at mark I have noticed
that over the course of the season
support items have been very strong
namely most recently sensor
also redemption for a very long time not
only has the power level been quite high
I feel as though it took a long time for
those items to get nerfed so I just want
to know how you feel about that while
that might be the case and you think
it's good or bad for professional play
there you go mark that's alright yeah so
there's a couple parts here number one
so I think the reason Riot ends up
having support items technically over
tuned is because the support rule sucks
ask to play and no one really wants to
play it in terms of casual players and
stuff like that some people you know
there's some crazy people who like
support for some reason but for the most
part they kind of need extra incentives
and having strong items that make them
feel impactful first it's just being
ward BOTS is really important and so you
end up with these items with very strong
actives or passives so that they can
feel like they're contributing more to
the game I think that's why you don't
see them nerfed very quickly is because
Wright wants big strong items for them
to be able to use and that's that's the
big thing so I don't feel like they're
necessarily broken in the context that
supports need them I don't feel like
supports are taking over the game like
you don't see multiple redemptions
multiple of these ardent sensors that
said I do feel like it crowds out the
pool or they get very heavily shapes the
meta of like what you're allowed to buy
and what you're able to play as a
champion alright
just quick follow-up it seems like Wayne
support items are very strong they get
abused by right now jungle but also
occasionally top lane is that is that a
problem at a fixable problem etc uh
I mean outside locket and I Vern and
gargoyles don't play plus locket
yeah but cargo stone plate isn't a
support item it's a tank item
technically yeah but I'm just saying
there's existing synergy there that
exists for top lane and jungle but not
for support as we're sure and I mean
that's that's kind of how things are
gonna go at the end of the day there's
still the gold problem for supports
where they just receive less gold than
anyone in the game and that's always
probably gonna be an issue so there'll
be more opportunities for top laners and
junglers if they're building these items
to synergize with other items and maybe
find some some more powerful combination
but I mean like Knights vow it's a
support / tank item Garbo's don't play
it the same way
lock it the same way and outside of Iver
and abusing Redemption which is you know
strictly a support item I don't think
the the support items have too much of
an issue all right well thanks very much
for asking my question and I hope the
rest of the show is just as good thank
you so deaq sheep for your calling
sending about right all right
so mark there is an interesting thing on
our on our pilot episode our preamp mary
up so many people are subbing just to
ask questions I knew this was gonna
happen Travis this is why I said you're
really you're really grubbing for the
money right now
well that was not the plan I just keep
supporters no no I figured maybe we do
this in a future episode but they were
existing supporter so it was hard to
turn them down and I don't know but we
do have resist impulse and Lotus who are
both just recently subbed I know our
asking questions let's get this one out
of the way as as well as sorry guys 3
665 if you are just tuning in this is a
call-in show taking your calls on
discord here's the discord information
right there on screen as mark goes and
gets somebody else for the where the
alex in here we'll just get her out of
the way what is what is glitched Lotus
it's just Lotus here I'll cover I can't
drag around you can only drag her in but
it's under lettuce you can drag her and
it doesn't it doesn't look I can drag
her out of this channel I can't drag her
into it down everything yeah your skin
your skin's looking really nice lately
thank you thank you where are you from
North Cal right now originally from LA
as you know yeah we were I don't recall
that at all yeah what is your question
oh yeah kind of basically because you're
actually all-natural thank you so much
on the show thank you guys alright so
that was great calling from Lotus
alright guys let's try and keep it
professional
good-looking fellows but we're here to
talk about League of Legends well League
of Legends or you know anything more
broad but you know flirting with me on
the show little advice on how to pick up
girls and leave maybe tangentially
related enough funny story actually mark
I was at CSULB a little bit late cuz I
was at my alma mater Long Beach State
asked me many questions including how do
you get out of the friendzone that was
one of the questions I received during
like my show and uh awfully was in the
audience she drove up to see it she said
he doesn't know how so there's a great
great time on the show always think we
got impulse in the waiting room if you
want to double check to make sure
there's no check owes its audio issues
again thank you everyone for tuning into
our premier show our pilot episode of
hot line League hopefully eventually we
get a producer who can manage bringing
people in but for now Marcus checking
everything out how's it going resist
impulse welcome to the show dude
longtime listener first-time caller I'm
super excited yeah but history of the
show right resist impulse where you
calling from I'm calling from Maryland
from the East Coast it's 1:00 a.m. over
here 1:30 yeah very very good thank you
for staying up so late to to listen to
the show sounds like you've been
listening to a lot of our episodes in
the past where's this impulse what is
your question for mark and I I got
several I want to just like speed speed
shoot on so first the softball first
episode question what's your biggest
influence for creating a call-in show is
it like love line with dr. Drew and Adam
Carolla Howard Stern each three podcast
honestly I think I've just noticed that
there have been some other streamers
that have been doing kind of like IRL
streams where they just chat with people
on discord strangers and so I think mark
and I right around the same time had the
idea of like what if we could use that
kind of technique to create a Colin show
and it just seemed like a pretty easy
enough thing for the two of us you know
we were both interested in doing it
League weekly there's not as much League
of Legends to talk
about right now before world starts so
just seemed like a convenient time to
try it so yeah heck yeah and I'm loving
the theme yeah thank you oh now I got a
more League based question I think mark
might be able to answer this I'm not
sure I tried yet meeting some people but
I've noticed in pro games that dropping
a word onto a Thresh Lantern has become
meta so my question is is it possible to
zoom in far with the scroll wheel to
then click on the Thresh Lantern
it's still difficult to do because it's
more about like the hitbox and when you
zoom in the hitboxes don't necessarily
become more like like portioned like
that you might be that your mouse was
missing so you might have anymore act
but like if the wool will active on top
of the line you're more likely going to
end up Auto attacking the Lord has riot
discussed in public the like size of
those hip boxes I don't think there's
anything that I know of and I doubt they
would change it because I think the the
hitbox is there you know to make sure
that people when they're trying to clear
wards it's not like like you're playing
a bullet hell game you know they want it
to still be pretty easy ok and then the
last question kind of for the fans maybe
is it better to be marks hair or
Travis's beard I'll take that question
off the air ok I don't know if we're
supposed to answer that at that point in
time did he be himself or did you like I
don't like where this is going all right
all right thank you resist impulse for
the call from Maryland I I don't know
how to answer that question it sounds
like we're going to have to you know
figure that out later some I can't tell
if there's some robot in going on oh
there's a some lag I guess ok is that is
that my under your end I think it was on
my end but people said it's working well
now so I guess alright I have my next
person the problem is I can't find him
in the list of people in the general
chat and I don't know how to drag
somebody into the waiting room yeah I
think you have to be in the general chat
so you guys can join the voice Channel
yeah
sure I'll grab somebody else while I'm
[Music]
is there any other sub in here that you
want no that's okay I think we can
describe people I don't see any other
subs or there's none that I recognize
immediately I rafters in you there we go
we're waiting on rafter to join
hopefully I the grant the frames are not
dropping anymore
I turned off my local record of the
broadcast so here we go this is
basically what I was hoping to talk
about TSM fans
hello rafters welcome on guys is a show
worry about from rafters North Cal Bay
Area Bay Area I'm headed up there to
actually nice nice I went to worlds last
year so are you an original Bay Life fan
are you a season to TSM fan uh no I'm
actually not too big on TSM I just like
to talk about them okay so what I was
hoping to get in contact with the real
TSM fan yeah what is your question very
rafters um so I was just kind of wanted
to have a conversation about TSM in
general and specifically how I guess the
organization is treated by people who
aren't who don't like to give them like
unfavorably because how the fan base is
a lot of the fans are like at least on
the reddit are pretty toxic so it sort
of shit like gives a negative impression
of people on TSM even though I think
that there's good things that I'm TSM
can sort of like make the world see of
na yeah so what is the question
specifically no sorry okay um I guess
why what do you think the main reasons
for people being toxic about like toxic
towards TSM is besides their fan base
well I think you know TSM commands
probably the you know definitely the
biggest share of the fan base and if you
told me that they were like 50 percent
or above I wouldn't be surprised either
especially when you broaden out to
casual fans I think that you know the
the popular team on in any kind of
situation often commands like the most
fandom and so you obviously are gonna
get that kind of like counterculture
movement of people that are like no fuck
TSM I don't like those guys like
everybody always you know always see
some fans but down with TSM I want
somebody like CLG cloud9 somebody else
to win and so I think that's why you
know oftentimes those people and
oftentimes I think you know I I can
refer you to a 45 minute video that a
colleague of mine did about TSM fans but
I think you know when you have TSM fans
that are so strongly and staunchly
passionate about that team you're
obviously also going to create a
situation where you know people feels
you know they become as passionate about
opposing that team and sort of what they
stand for so and it's almost to pile on
to the idea of opposing them they're
also the best team in North America so
there's always people who just hate the
best team it's and it's in every sport
people hate the Yankees they hate the
Patriots anything that they do that rubs
you the wrong way that would be
overlooked for a worse team is suddenly
more annoying because they're so good
and then if you go back in history a
little bit they were used to be very
outspoken when like a Reggie was a
larger part of like the forward-facing
brand mm-hmm so he was he was someone
who always had some controversy
following him and that created some
enemies
I mean it's similar effect with g2 I
think GT was looked at similarly to TSM
I think I remember seeing I think SCARA
and you Mark we're talking about how
maybe I don't know about how g2 is
viewed similarly to in the world to TSM
and now we're both like you know TSM and
g2 are the Western teams that are both
you know I'm on an equal level when it
comes to worlds right exactly and then
you throwing that like they they tend to
recently have dropped the ball an
international competition it's even
easier for people to be like oh god I
hate them they always do so well even
their own fans start hating them you
know how that goes yeah yeah I remember
when kisum lost to oranjee last year and
like dude was just toxic in the arena it
was pretty funny though yeah I think
part of it was just there's just so much
you know I I do feel like some people
have been let down by TSM you know
and that's kind of what you're seeing is
whenever they do lose and people feel
like they're this hope you know it's
very easy for you know fans to turn on
them again I think you see that type of
thing in traditional sports but mark is
more of the traditional sports guy than
I so he would have to I mean yeah it's
the same thing if if your team keeps
laying you down you just start hating
them even though that you're a fan of
them yeah very good well hey thanks so
much rafters for joining the show
appreciate it guys little things stay
nice up in NorCal yeah hopefully alright
see ya thanks alrighty I'll check the
next guy yeah thank you everyone for
calling in if you're just joining us
this is the pilot episode of mark and my
show where we take your calls
hot line League probably gonna have more
guests in the future if you see the
discord stream link right now or the
discord link on the stream you can go
ahead and join the discord you type your
question into the general chat and when
you do mark has a chance to review it
he'll join you
make sure that your audio works out ok
and as long as it works what's good
joining us right now is one suck how's
it going 1 suck is that how you
pronounce it yeah very good well where
are you calling from 1 suck Alabama
Alabama all right you got a little bit
of that Alabama twang to your voice oh
really
ok what's your question for us ok so I'm
gonna do two just kind of like searching
for TSM fans I'm actually weird on that
ok so you never we never really got to
hear much about kind of what happened
with Yahoo right like we kind of just
know that it shut down so my question is
like you guys know a lot about like ESPN
and like how like basically like they
lost like hundreds of their riders right
they like had like you kind of heard
about that yeah they had they like oh
they did a pretty big layoff at the
beginning or like towards the beginning
this year kind of like the end of the
first quarter where they laid off
ESPN laid off a lot of their bigger
personalities and that kind of thing
yeah and so like and obviously Kyle
who doing that um I was kind of
wondering what like can you kind of give
me like a general like explanation of
like the market for content creators
yeah like they make money like how do
people like Emily and Kelsey get to the
point where they have a sustainable
living and can basically just watch
vod's and push out content like how do
you get to that sustainability and like
how does the market funded for content
creators that makes like yeah sure so
it's a it's a very broad conversation
and probably the one that's a little bit
longer than we can't answer and the call
here but there's a couple things
question ya know the the first thing I
would I would suggest is that you go
watch the Travis Hawks that I did on
surrender at 20 I know money just be
promoting my own content but honestly
like that yeah does a pretty good job of
kind of you know explain kind of what
CPMs are and what the advertising model
is for a lot of the stuff you know I
think you know talking about ESPN it's a
different situation they're losing a
bunch of their revenue because people
are really deal yeah you've got all
these TV deals that's gone away yahoo
again a similar situation where was kind
of unique thing Verizon acquired them to
answer your question more specifically
about how eSports content creators make
money you know there are a lot of
different eSports media sites and groups
out there right now it's very
interesting you know for a while there
were only a couple and now you've got
things like slingshot in action eSports
and gamers and dot eSports and score and
ESPN and you know feel like every day
there are more and more invent in that's
doing stuff every day there are more and
more of these media sets coming up all
these guys are hoping to make money
through advertising or some other
situation or whatever and really these
days if you want to make a name for
yourself as in you know let's put it
this way all these media organizations
they don't have as big of a brand as a
lot of the established influencers right
so like somebody like a lot of people
don't know you know who some of these
these new names are but they knew who
Kelsey Moser is or who Emily Rand is or
who
Zimmerman is or whatever so you know
working with these folks you know
they're obviously going to get paid for
writing content for these folks because
it it does bring yep so for Emily and
Kelsey they were just able to get in
early enough they both were part of the
wall eSports website and got promotion
there Kelsey worked for on gamers which
was you know the GameSpot eSports
spin-off site that I worked with you
know the Thorin was able to promote them
and their work and they were it's fine
right that kind of stuff just really
build them up and to kind of hop on hop
on your point about like how'd they get
their start to the point where like you
know resource or like companies want to
reach out to them I mean a large part of
its just like they worked hard and and
they kept putting content out there and
they would engage with the community
they go on reddit and they would post an
article and get people like they would
talk to people they would they would
have Twitter's like I mean someone like
risen Lazarus has accumulated like a
decent following just being a reddit guy
right yeah well so I actually I will say
do do make another show like I don't
know I think it's weird that like
building brands cuz I think the reason
LCS kind of sucks is on the orgs they
don't have it like no one gives a shit
about their players and I think that
that's kind of problem with their orgs
and so like I don't know like is content
creation kind of just I know it sounds
like they're not connected but I mean
like it just seems like you don't have
the name no one's gonna buy your crap
yeah definitely a separate conversation
that will follow up with another time
what's up um can I get my TSM question
sure are you sure I'm sure
okay yeah you guys want to go for a show
dude let's listen the Travis okay so I
guess kind of a generic kind of worlds
question um I said I don't need the top
20 cuz I just came out today okay so one
thick person who I think will
always be kind of criminally like
underrated in a top 20 list was actually
Jensen okay
and so my question is is it possible to
range in soon as a tops when you play at
world because c9 is gonna suck like
there's a good chance they don't make it
out of their group their draw stage
right but that doesn't like devalue
Jensen
would you ever like rate a player top 20
at Worlds even though you know their
team is gonna suck ass yeah one sec I'm
gonna treat other channels we wrap up
this question thanks for calling in okay
closers yeah so mark question about
Jensen you want to handle that yeah cuz
I'm the biggest Jensen fanboy in the
world apparently I think I think you can
be on a bad team and make it onto that
list it's very very hard to shine while
doing so because top twenty is very
prestigious there's 24 teams at worlds
this year if you include the plane stage
I believe I might have that number a
little off but there's there's a
shitload all right and you need to stand
out amongst two people who are like the
best in the world and while I think
there's a world where Jensen could make
that list at some point it's really hard
to do it if you don't have any sort of
legacy and as much as I think Jensen is
a great player his legacy is very
shallow it's like he's made a couple
finals he's lost he's gone to world a
couple of times I mean there's there's
people all over the world with much more
compelling rest compelling resumes than
him yeah very good Hey Skyfall 3 6 6 5
subbed earlier and was I saw him on the
chat asking underneath a different name
if you could ask a question you need to
join the the general voice chat so that
we can see you in there
yeah you pull you in because we can't
pull anybody in until they're in that
voice chat you can mute it as soon as
you get in there
mark if you want to go grab yeah I'm
gonna grab this guy friend for those
tuning in Colin show we're trying it out
this pilot episode putting the discord
information up on the screen right now
if you want to call in that's the
information join the regular chat and
then put your question general that's
how we'll do it
and now pan up
Moonstar heiio hello panda porn star
hello thanks for calling to the show
where are you from panda porn star I'm
from SoCal very good yeah so my question
is um
why hasn't Riot Games released anything
other than League of Legends because
I've been around since season 2 and I
felt like there's been a lot of times
there's been rumors there speculations
on what they're gonna make next but we
haven't really seen anything from that
so yeah yep a great question thank you
so much panda porn star I'll go ahead
and start off I think part of it is
first off in one sense they have
released another game I think if you
look at League of Legends and you
compare what this game is now to what it
has been before like it it is almost
like they're they've released like three
or four different versions of Liga
legends do you could imagine if they
were doing this game as a box game they
just have released a bunch of different
versions of this I think another thing
is legal legends reminds me a lot of
World of Warcraft and that like Blizzard
basically shut down from what it seems
like any development of other games and
titles for several years after World War
CAF came out because they had to scale
their company so much because it was
such a massive success hire more people
our customers support to you know
develop the game as fixed engineering
problems with having so many people on
and so just literally the amount of
resources and scaling up the company
we've had to do I think has prevented
them from being able to do that from
able to release something another thing
to point out a lot of people forget this
by the way but there was a leak that
came out after you know hack a couple
years ago that they had been working on
a card game and this way think before it
was either you know right around the
time hearthstone got released and so
there's you know in my mind maybe the
card game wasn't as good as hearthstone
and they decided to pull it I think
after you've made such a mega hit like
League of Legends you're probably pretty
terrified of what you're gonna be able
to do in the future so I I think that's
sort of my take on why they haven't
released anything but I would expect to
see something in the next couple years
for sure I would say just my two cents
in here I think there's the combination
things that Travis hit on like the whole
they have made
other things other products you know
it's not just legal legends they made
Mex first minions they made some random
flash games and like he was saying they
put a lot of stuff into league now
there's rotating game modes it was just
our Guardian mode so they have them
constantly making stuff but it does feel
like there hasn't quite been the second
game right like there hasn't been Riot
Games quite yet there's been riot and
other stuff so I do think that it does
feel like with the cancelled card game
that we heard leaked and likelihood that
they've made other games as well it does
feel like there has been some lack of
movement on riots and that is a little
disappointing because I want to see what
else they can make mm-hmm and also one
more question earlier you said you
wanted to talk to like an old-school TSM
fan I've been around since like the Bey
life days so would you like one ask how
does it feel do you get hated on
everywhere um well I season two and I
didn't really know anything so like I'll
just say I just became a TSM fan because
they were like the most popular but over
the years I like I don't like labeling
myself as a TSM fan because I don't
really like the fans I feel like when
they lose they hate their players too
much and when diverse is on a team use
my favorite players that I've always
liked bother in there so you have sense
even though you're still a fan of the
team you have shied away from the TSM
label yes just because I think they're
fans they're the most passionate but
they get a little out of hand sometimes
yeah so it's interesting one them that
you're at TSM fan but they're you're
literally like there's almost like an
embarrassment for you and in saying that
you had you own like Twitter CRE TSM
merchandise or anything um I met dyrus
when he did a fan meetup in like you
know Hills one time and had them sign
like 3 dias that's about it ok but uh
what do you call it cuz I really do like
TSM's players and I think that's what's
like most important like older players
are good so how can I say I don't like
the team just cuz they're fans you know
great right but I mean like I'm a I'm
from Boston so I'm a fan of the Patriots
I'm a fan of like a lot of teams that
people hate and I don't shy away from it
so like what do you think it is about
TSM fans in particular cuz like the same
thing kind of happens I don't know if
about the Patriots but like we'll lose a
regular season game and in my friend the
fans will freak out they'll be like oh
this guy's washed-up this stuff sucks
yada yada yada and not not every fan but
but a somewhat vocal portion do and then
at the end of the year you know we're in
the playoffs for making a deep run and
why do you think it is for TSM fans in
particular they seem so much more
adamant do you think it's just like the
nature of the internet may be playing
into it that like people just spew
random shit I think it is it's also like
really easy to just like say like
whatever you want on the internet and
like some not act reasonable and not to
have like civil discussion cuz like I'm
old I like to label myself as a cloud 9
fan and I don't particularly like Jensen
but he does have better stats and like
when someone says like like Jensen can't
even be compared to barracks it's just
ridiculous because like you should only
worry about that's not the man who's
doing it so yeah yeah that's about it
all right so we have one TSM fan who is
afraid to be ashamed I want to know if
there's anyone in here who is a TSM fan
who is on the more obnoxious end of the
spectrum because panda porn star despite
the names where they get ill or they get
a call themselves out and see obnoxious
I mean I mean like I'm kind of obnoxious
as a person to be fair I used to being
obnoxious system that's that's kind of
reforms a reformed fan panda porn star
thank you so much panda porn star for
calling of the show enjoying this
beautiful Southern California night we
got going on sorry I kicked him out I
didn't know it's so funny all right so
I'm gonna figure out the situation in
the waiting room give me one yeah yeah I
thinks you know one after the other I
think works fine hello everyone thanks
for tuning into the show this is the
pilot episode here and yet we got mark
Patriots fan he's down there calling
somebody else in if you want to join the
show or speak ask questions you can join
the discord it's on your screen ask your
question on the general chat hopefully
it'll get pulled in
hello we got sky fire 24 here I were you
from Skyler I am from
Bogota Colombia whoa what okay what
hello what's the time there it's almost
1 a.m. 1 a.m. ok so you know still still
North American time I need to look at a
map I figure this out but thanks for
calling it first international caller
Skyfire yes
what is your question for us alright so
this comes from the reddit thread than
eyes that I saw today so like with
franchising and then and like expanding
to 12 teams like how bad are the chances
of like existing lords ports that have
like no let's just let's just say no
real fandom commuter spots
I think the chances are very high
because the only reason I are one of the
only reasons I can expect riot keeping a
team in is if you have so many fans that
it would be a big blow to the league or
if you know it you have to hope that the
applications of people coming in are not
that great or that the people are
playing or not that great which I don't
think is a very high chance because I
think there are a lot of probably pretty
big names applying right now so you know
if you are a big name or sorry if you
don't have any fans
why does write want to keep you in the
league you know yeah pretty much
well are you are you a concerned fan
Skyfire echo fox Phoenix well pretty
much like I like c9 like Cena and IMT
are like what I follow mostly yeah well
I think those guys are probably fine
yeah I think any of the large endemics I
mean I saw a pretty interesting graph
linked under that that reddit thread
that was in Travis's article about
viewership of teams in spring 20 2017
you see that Travis I did yeah I think
it was in my reddit thread for the
literally I just said yeah well I'm
producing a show yeah cuz the ant the
second half of what you're saying
I know I'm just like a comment about how
I don't ever patient yeah that's what I
did it drives me crazy I'm gonna move
Skyfire out as I thank you so much Skype
writer for first international caller
thank you guys yeah thank you yeah no I
think I did see that I in fact I'm
actually I'm curious if it's skewed
because fly quests and Phoenix one had
much higher ship than I expected I
suspect that's because it includes
spring playoffs viewership which would
have skewed their average viewership
higher than than I would've expected of
course like West just have a lot of fans
from those c9 fans that transferred over
with hi and Lebanon in it and they were
winning men to like you know during the
first after the split they were very
very hot Phoenix won also not a little
surprising because they were winning but
still I wouldn't have thought that they
would have had that many NV is another
kind of surprise like they had a lot
more viewers and I would have thought I
was surprised dig was last you know was
some day and like I know they weren't
great they barely made it into playoffs
but still yeah yeah it's hard I think
they just have it's hard to figure out
what the storyline is there for Dignitas
this year yeah why to watch them yeah
cool I'll get the other guy in here
I'm very good I want to thank all of our
subs for subbing I saw earlier coolest
33 subbed we have a couple others glitch
Lotus sub earlier resist impulse Skyfall
rafters hello Skyfall hey not much huh
were you calling from Skyfall Nashville
Tennessee
Nashville Tennessee I need to get to
Nashville a lot of people said Nashville
is an exciting city they would be wrong
oh really I mean I've heard it's very
fun um yeah town is basically bars but
you know after you're drunk there's not
much to do hey and you know what I after
drunk do you need much to do that's true
master of none had an episode of
Nashville that made me very interested I
mean to stop that Netflix like you
forever very good well Skyfall what is
your question for me and Mark yeah so
both the ESPN Power Rankings and the top
20 Wally sports that came out today both
of them put bdd ahead of York sent which
I found a bit interesting because both
of them stress like you know
international experience
and like you know I'm performing on big
stages and stuff and like I just seemed
weird to me that a rookie would get
ranked above like such a veteran like
Bjork son can you guys shut someone
laugh great before you answer before we
answer this are you one of those
obnoxious TSM fans that Mark was looking
for earlier oh I'm into the waiting room
so yeah I'm Atias that band I like to
think I'm not obnoxious probably wrong
wrong okay
very very good well I like that there's
a you know coming up brtt greater than
double f now that we got BDD do you have
an answer for this yeah I mean it is it
is hard to really sway me on that one as
well I will say that he had a monster
performance in Korea during the regular
season if he just watched the finals I
know it wasn't like as impressive as you
might have thought but he did just also
win the lck which is arguably harder to
win them worlds so I think he deserves a
lot of props Jess even though he's a
rookie he burst on the scene him was an
absolute monster it's also if I underst
- watch if I believe it's top 20 players
the way Jack phrased on the dive was the
20 players we think will do best at
Worlds a beneficiary who said something
different
yeah well sledging their bets yeah well
the other thing too is how well they're
gonna perform I mean it's I would expect
BDD to perform better than Bjork's knees
on a better team they're they're gonna
go further most likely so in that sense
the idea that BD will perform better
than be Erickson is actually one that I
can buy is I think the place where I
struggle a little it's like he's
strictly better than bjergsen and even
then it's close and I would be willing
to like you know hear an argument about
and be swayed but I think if you're just
saying who's gonna do better who's more
interesting to watch I would give both
those two not to mention you don't want
to end up in a world where you you know
even if you are couching a lot of the
decisions you're making for something
like this based on historical
performance and international
performance you don't want to end up in
a world where they really stand out
rookie just can't make the list because
they don't have enough of that stuff so
I don't know it's definitely an
interesting conversation and what's cool
is we're going to
see how this all plays out soon enough
so hey thank you so much Skyfall for the
question arataura Nashville jealous of
your barbeque though maybe not as great
about places I've been led to believe
I'm a vegetarian so well thanks thank
you so much for the quiet thanks guys
all right and thank you by the way to my
PS this twitch staff member who just
threw some Cheers our way it's nice to
have that support on our first show
sounds like Mark you're gonna be setting
us up with a TSM fan here in a second I
believe potentially I'll see how
obnoxious he is there's a sweet spot cuz
you don't want them too obnoxious like
they ruin the vibe of this show and you
don't want them not obnoxious enough so
I'll get a vibe on him very good and by
the way if you're just tuning in and you
haven't been looking at twitch for the
past couple of weeks and seeing every
stringer promote this twitch soaps half
off right now isn't that amazing
half of you can sell this channel and
and you can actually you know you'll get
will receive more support than you spend
because that's how twitch subs work
whenever they're half off we actually
get the full normal cut so we got mark
coming in with just a TSM fan in a
moment excited to see how obnoxious this
person is hello speaking of how
obnoxious okay so how do you pronounce
their name I hear I'd sure come on a lot
but most time it's ichiraku Mon okay
ichiraku monster we're I'm sure you're
calling from the most like out like
American city ever with a name like that
right yeah I'm calling from Portland
Oregon
are you also white yeah
I'm half white half Japanese I'm not
that race ever plays a role in the
question I was very good well hey do you
have a question for us are we here to
chat with you about is that a little bit
ago you guys we're talking about people
who were mic reserved TSM fans and I'm
more of like an outs
outspoken supporter of GSN not the point
where I'm like who
shit on their like Oh tsm's gonna win
worlds this is your year and that shit
but yeah so I'm gonna go through a scale
here we found like the embarrassed to be
TSM fence guy who's fine to say he's a
TSM fan hopefully the next one I find is
the the the reddit shit poster TSM and
hopefully can find one of those so I'm
like past like two just fine okay so why
are you why would you describe yourself
as beyond the just fine T or something
because I feel like the people who
caught him before we're like really
reserved by it yeah cuz like I mean for
example like the the team icons for
worlds that just came out like you buy
them and you get to flash the emote you
get like that little tag that goes with
your name right yeah and what I fuckin
love doing is when I load into a game
and then I just get in okay i seea to
TSM fan Lowell TSM sucks and then I just
drop a reading the chat and shit like
that and if I'm winning I'll just spam
my moat because I want to support my
team and well I don't think that they're
gonna get world or win worlds or
anything I just do think that it's
important you just stick to your support
and if and if you're bitching out then
you're not a real fan yes so so you are
a little bit more on the uh noxious end
because you're willing to to play the
game when people say oh I TSM fans are
so annoying you're willing to fire back
a little bit yeah yeah like I like the
trolling back yeah so you think that you
know trolling them back is the best way
to support your team because you did you
did list that as a way to support your
team so do you feel like being toxic and
game with TSM emotes a good way to do
that I think it's funny
maybe not for supporting your team maybe
it puts out like a bad image but uh I
just think it's funny
alright so tell us what is the most
toxic or so maybe like the most extreme
TSM fandom thing that you've done so far
that's probably the extent of it it's
more like owning up to being like
obnoxious like in the game it's not as
much like me like that's like how I
actually am I'm just trying to sell like
whole stereotype of being obnoxious for
like the point of it okay so you like
you you have embraced it's not enough
like the other guy that we talked to you
TSM ran away from like nervous
to admit to be adhere something TSM vans
actually have made you want to be more
obnoxious and become like that
stereotype mentality no no no it's it's
the it's the people on the other side
who are like hating on you like oh TSM
Finn they're so annoying I'm just more
trying to embrace the annoying and
trying to annoy them like that yeah so
I'm one since you're kind of
perpetuating it but you're still not
quite the the most obnoxious TSM finna
no one harasses you you're probably
pretty chill about it yeah yeah exactly
and like just just in my mind like the
criteria for like a really obnoxious TSM
fan is like if I go on to the like TSM
subreddit or like post match discussions
on Reddit and I see just like wow
doublelift is the best fucking player
I've ever seen in my goddamn life or
like TSM is winning worlds for sure
nobody nobody can go toe-to-toe with
them that that's to me it's like the
epitome of like the most obnoxious to
you right and I wouldn't mind getting a
call with one of them if anyone has
their reddit history they can link me so
I can verify you are in fact I don't
want someone lying telling me they're
not a TSM shit poster this where's uh
somebody in the chat right now spamming
TSM so maybe that's part of it yeah I'll
grab that person we don't see very good
so if I can get some information out of
them as well
each Ackerman that's the terrible
witness but I want to thank you so much
by the way last question
Portland eeeh I've never been to
Portland but I like Portlandia how how
what representative is that show of
Portland oh god it's the most accurate
thing I've ever seen in my life
okay that's great can't wait to go check
out the city thank you so much for the
call ya later dude never good all right
how old do you think he was um 20
because I'm thinking maybe we do like
not quite an ASL thing but you know and
I know I don't want to ask people's age
because I'm afraid of you know what if
we're there's probably some law that
we're not allowed to broadcast somebody
who's like 14 at the moment somebody
comes along the sister 14 or screen I
was just wondering cuz like the whole
average TSM thing but yeah maybe oh yeah
it'd be interesting to survey people and
say what there cuz because the older guy
or at least he sounded older TSM fan you
know do not want part of this guy's
willing to ham it up
and then I wonder if like we're just
working backwards for the most obnoxious
comes on here and he's like hey I love -
yes Avenue yeah
oh well we'll see very good so getting
some more questions coming in here in
just a moment just heard from each
Ackerman from Portlandia or Portland
alright and now we got villain hello the
lane hello it's a villain or villain of
mooing I'm pretty sure wait this is your
name you don't know are you uh no no I'm
worried from I had a question of about
marks former job okay but for Lane yeah
where are you calling from
oh uh from the US East Coast okay that's
fair yeah we'll keep it we'll keep it
brought somewhere near New York yeah I
had a question about his former job it
was like I was I read that he was an
analyst and like I just wanted to know
what he specifically did during his time
with Team Liquid and somewhere stuff
after I listened I guess yeah yeah what
did he do with Team Liquid to get them
keep them afloat and so obviously since
he left
how did is the world's twice yeah and
did you sabotage Lee yeah no so my
responsibilities changed as I spent more
time there's like when I started I was
brought on with one other guy to be like
the staff for the team and he was
supposed to be the coach and I was
supposed to be the analyst that guy was
not very good at this job he got fired
with him like a month or two and I ended
up being the only staff member for the
next you know nine months or whatever of
the team and during that time I was not
like as much of a leader I was more of a
no and I say leader with like kind of
air quotes around it because I wasn't
like giving pep talks whatever but I was
later on making a lot more of the plans
for stuff whereas during when I started
out I was I was mostly
I would watch vod's I make sure
everything was organized I make sure
that we could rewatch the vod's I would
lead the Bob review in the sense where
I'd go like where the I thought the
important things were but I would let
the players do a lot more of the talking
I would watch other regions I'd present
them with ideas I would handle a lot of
like random logistical stuff like making
sure trying to make sure things were
patched waking people up getting them
food if they needed it really kind of
all over the place and I was season four
with curse has moved into season five we
hired Peter to help out as well and
Peter was not much of a person for
organization so it would usually be me
coming with the plans like how do we
want to structure practice how do we
want to approach this week what stuff do
we want to work on that kind of stuff I
would help out with Vadra view we would
kind of both kind of break that one down
he'd be the guy on stage so he be
handling a bit more of the pick/ban and
I was a lot of leading the discussion of
things as well as trying to settle
issues cuz I was usually one who had to
like work out problems between people so
if you watch old rebirth episodes you
could usually find me in the background
leading the team discussions the very
first rebirth I was the one who kind of
like was partially in charge for
benching piglet and stuff like that oh I
see that was pretty cool um I think on
the more this might be a bit abstract
but when you said you approached Fahd
reviews with your players can you go
more in depth with that like is there
like things you've liked basically yeah
what is mod review like I mean one time
I feel like it's safe for you to
disclose this you're not working with
any team so it's been a I'm trying to
keep all my I'm a hoarder I'm greedy all
right no one no one so when I say yeah
is I mean there's two different types of
Bob review there's like you're watching
another team play and you're watching
your team play and when you're watching
another team play usually you would you
know basically just watch the game with
your team talk about things that's going
on people are playing lanes right should
this be going this way what's the
reasoning for going here or you know
what's this path the best path the
jungler could have take and stuff like
that you just you're just watching the
game and I'm really just talking it out
and sometimes you might watch a couple
situations
if you're not rewatching a whole wad
sometimes you send a player like a
minute clip and you're like you look at
how they set up their in here look at
how they this like position the Alistar
got look how he got there things like
that you would talk about and then for
like postgame I guess would be the
better term for it after a scrim it was
usually about just trying to be really
efficient so you would I mean and some
people have different approaches that
some people take forever between games
like loco was a guy who broke down like
every little thing I usually would go in
there with three things that I wanted to
talk about and I'd be very structured
about it where we were never allowed to
talk about pista and first because my
reasoning was I don't want people saying
that there's an issue with the draft
when we need to look at the play first
and maybe there is an issue with the
draft and we can get to that later but
first let's look at what went right or
wrong in terms of play because you're
gonna lose some drafts and you need to
learn how to win with a losing draft so
I never want to talk about draft first I
would talk about the three things I
thought were the most critical for why
we've won or lost and things we can do
better players obviously have things
that they want to talk about so then we
would often get into what they want to
talk about if it was individual stuff we
might break down and say you guys can go
to the bathroom get your drinks I'll
handle the one-on-one here stuff like
that that's pretty cool thank you well
thank you so much for laying for the
hall yeah thank you yeah any any part of
the eastern seaboard yeah
well mark while you go and chat with the
next person I think I'm we're gonna take
a break for a little bit of an ad
somewhere to what you're used to seeing
for me on League Weekly so just come
back great yeah all right everyone it's
a bit of a break guess what if you bra
let's are hear me on diest comp sighs
Travis Canford I really need to figure
out a better font for this but if you go
to this site
Mandy Stockholm / Travis cafard you can
get amazing deals 20% off me and ease
this this stuff is so comfortable
it's so fantastic you know pro players
ever people are using it they've been
supporting the eSports pace for a while
it's fantastic stuff they got all sorts
different things me and these calm
Travis gave a 20% off on your
your order it's it's great it's great so
be sure to check them out there's a link
that I put in the twist chat and by the
way if you're watching the vaad
hopefully there is Avadh they'll be that
travis Khafre DICOM support link below
and you'll be able to click in from
there as well so yeah he wasn't quite
the shit poster I was looking for okay
he was on who said he was willing to
turn on TSM if they like they started
doing bad he'd get angry but he wasn't
quite like you know online which i think
is where which is where i think a lot of
negative stigma comes from yeah so we're
still in the hunt for the TSM fan also
looking for another person okay very
good
Joseph I think is a sub he was I saw him
earlier in twitch chat say something
he's the guy at the very end because
he's got a little oh he's Korean yeah I
don't know is that Korean language I
can't I can't tell appreciates Korean
I'll go talk to him real quick very good
in the meantime I want to give a shout
out to a bunch of the people who have
been supporting the show resist impulse
who asked question earlier was on this
show he sent a thousand bits yon star
yoni subbed met metalife meted I who I
believe is Joseph he sub thank human
life die
atomic wing bang sub thank you so much
for the sub of all 9 sub hey it's Joseph
Joseph where you calling from um I was
born the United States but I'm actually
in Seoul Korea right now Oh fantastic I
am very jealous of you if I was to live
outside of the US somewhere for a year
so I'd probably pick Seoul I really love
it are you cow SEP no sadly no I love
Cal so what what are you doing in Korea
English private schools at the moment
nice did you are you doing this like
shortly after graduating college yes I
am and I'm actually going to school here
in about a year just because it's
cheaper here nice yeah I was a whenever
I was graduating college and I was
starting to get into eSports and stuff
my backup plan if I couldn't find a job
was to go to Korean teach English so
either living or live in the the other
life I could have had do you speak any
Korean Travis no but that you don't need
to you don't need to speak Korean to
teach English no there they bring people
over all the time they don't speak
Korean
Joseph how profession are you in Korean
uh I'm not very fluent I'm still
learning how to speak but I can read and
write fine I can read and write really
fine which I've actually been told
that's the opposite how people a lot of
people learn yeah I can believe that
all right Joseph what is your question
okay how far do you think Samsung Galaxy
actually can make it in worlds and why
isn't roller in the top twenty okay
what first off for you is Samsung Galaxy
your favorite team yes by far I feel
like they have a really good marketing
right now like with their players and
they also have proven over and over
again that they're like late game
shotcalling
is probably the best in the region yeah
very good well mark what do you think
this chances are so I think their
chances are pretty good to make semies I
think where they run into some issues
are the fact that they are are in the
difficult group and if they underperform
they can get the second seed very easily
and then you have a 50-50 chance most
likely of getting a Korean in the
quarters assuming that you know Long's
you and SKT get the first seed so
there's a pretty likely world where they
do end up getting knocked out in
quarters but you know depending on how
the draws go and if they actually get
first and their seed that they're pretty
likely to get semies at least all right
and now why isn't ruler in the top 20
yeah that's like this year like people
have actually been going crazy in Korea
how amazing ruler is this year and I
think it's tough I think there's a lot
of good ad carry's and I think obviously
he gets pushed out by Bing and prey I
think it'd be hard to like yeah you know
try and put them over them and then
there's other good ad carriers from
other regions so you have like the
reckless didn't even get put in the top
20 and I was surprised yeah so Sven
doublelift Suzy there's a lot of people
that you would put
in that as well and then suddenly have a
very crowded ad carry pool and it might
be the kind of thing where he might have
been the victim of a little bit of focus
on you know positions like can i really
put like as someone's making their list
you know they're like alright I have all
these people in there can i really put
reckless in there can i really put ruler
in there
I think that's potentially why he didn't
make it do you think cord JJ is good
enough to meet the top 20 cuz he has
like a flawless kDa compared to most
supports and has been playing like out
of his mind this year and at world's
last year I think you make a case for
most Korean players I think that region
is I mean if I'm being sawn it's like
yeah I think you could make the case for
all 15 Korean players yeah the most part
and then you put their subs in - yeah
right like yeah so we've got four spots
now yeah yeah so I think I think at some
point you just start pruning off a
couple of like the less exciting Koreans
in that in a sense maybe not even
necessarily a hundred cent based on
their skill level but like all right
well it's not faker and it's not BDD
these guys are not like they don't have
huge history they don't quite have the
wow factor of some of the other people
you're putting on this list that you're
trying to say like you're really hyping
up so I can see how you end up leaving
off people like ruler and core JJ yeah
one last quick question did you see be
ambition interview that was posted on
Reddit oh yes do you think they're gonna
bring in Haru any time during worlds I
did not see it I mean I saw it on there
he talked about his his wedding or
whatever it was one of the things they
said he talked about and I was like I
don't really care about this so I did
not end up reading it oh they talked
about how Harbor is trying his best but
do you think he's ever going to be
placed in worlds at all I'm not sure I
would have to I guess it would be really
performance dependent like because they
just work better with ambition because
they're leaking shotcalling is literally
like 10 times better yeah I mean the
thing is if you start losing you know
look for something to chant like let's
say the first round-robin for them
doesn't go well they finished one in two
or something you know you got to change
something up you know that you only have
one sub at world so maybe they maybe
they end up just pushing them around
yeah it's nice it was nice talking you
know I'm sorry I ask too many questions
so thank you so much enjoy a South Korea
I wish I was there I really just want to
know other people's opinions on Samsung
because I feel like that's the same
thing this year is gonna happen what
happened last year when they don't get
talked about they're gonna make final
yeah I feel like it's gonna happen again
well as long as you pop off thank you so
much Joseph yep how are you tonight
so mark I'm thinking maybe we take a
couple more serious questions and then
maybe we round out the show because
we're we're now going in I think we've
been broadcasting for over an hour now
of the actual show yeah I mean and we're
getting we're at 11:30 so maybe two more
serious questions and then people can
start asking maybe some more fun ones
yeah I'm down to bring the trolls on for
the last couple minutes all right let me
hop in here yeah thank you so much just
a for the question I believe there were
some more subs I have to give shoutouts
to during the break of all nine thank
you for the sub Dugan air thank you for
the sobbing itch were you a trailer you
thank you for this up subs right now 50%
off that's a it's a deal it's a deal
yon star wants to join in but he's not
in the chat you can't pull him in who is
this yoni wants to join but he's not in
the voice chat so there's no way to pull
him in but yesh lol is here smash how's
it going I'm good yourself
very very good great great to be talking
to you where you calling in from Toronto
Canada Toronto Canada we our first
Canadian I like Toronto it is not as
good as Vancouver Toronto naics find us
we're the best though compared to me
Cooper
my opinion I would agree 100% dude
though I think there were some other
factors at play
yeah like summer ver spring that type of
thing well Vancouver's venue being in
East bumfuck yeah I was confused because
uh when I was looking at the Vancouver
venue it wasn't like the main like arena
that they usually have for their hockey
it was some weird off the way yeah yeah
well you know sometimes it's hard to get
their venues and right never gets to
plan out as and as early as they they
wish they could but I don't know ending
or did you actually like Vancouver
because the cities
really nice city is really nice really
nice did a great photo shoot there to
really appreciate smash what is your
question for the chat okay so I got two
questions and my first questions about
Dignitas so after their whole original
final mess-up and we saw a bunch of
players like start to leave to Korea I
saw on Twitter but I'm not sure but
Adrienne hinted at going back to
university we've seen we've seen some
day talked about him going back to Korea
and it's kind of foreboding that he's
not coming back to Dignitas what do you
thinks the future of that roster do you
think they're gonna have to rebuild
again step one is getting back into the
LCS right yeah so you know I don't like
I think Digg has a decent chance with
the 76ers behind them but do I think
that they have they're not guaranteed
like a TSM cloud9
CLG etc so I you know I I wonder if Digg
is even trying to resign these guys
because it might all be moot if they
don't make it in secondly you know I
think if Diggs seemed to have kind of a
weird eye they're just such a they're
not like you know players go to TSM and
they stay on TSM until they are replaced
by the organization Dignitas is one of
those organizations I feel like where
every year you're gonna see a whole lot
of turmoil and change and turnover
because they just can't command like the
you know like Pearson doesn't want to
leave TSM he's just not going to and
they're gonna keep getting the results
so like he'll just stay there until
something crazy happens and to a point
yeah yep same with with c9 CLG has been
able to keep a pretty stable roster for
the most part I mean every now and then
you see stuff but I just don't think
that that's the case would think so
I wouldn't first off you know who knows
every honesty dig if we do again next
year I feel like you know maybe you see
two of the same players but I wouldn't
be surprised to see a huge turnover the
other thing I'll say is I do think they
probably should change something unif
like they list they had the option to
re-up on the whole team they didn't
quite have a full split with this roster
which I think if they just weren't quite
good enough
I would be fine me like we'll give them
another chance they show some good stuff
towards getting the split but it's the
way they ended their split where things
kind of fell apart I probably wouldn't
and without knowing everything behind
the scenes just like when a team falls
apart
it feels very like pointless to try and
put it back together again in the sense
where it's like hey guys we're all gonna
play again and we're gonna believe in
each other and we'll all be peachy it
didn't feel like that's how that team
ended and so some some things need to
change
yeah okay quick is it a quick second
question cuz we are running low on time
smash I just I just wanted to know do
you guys have any worries about the
overwatch League right now I was
thinking that they were going too fast
and out in my opinion I thought it
would've been better for them to have
more of a tournaments circuit but like
an extra year for them to fresh out like
flesh out all the problems and fix it
you guys think there was a need for a
blizzard to start the leaks so fast mark
I've you know how I'm gonna answer this
question so you go first
I think I'm in the same boat so only one
of us needs to answer and I'm sure
you're more passionate about than I am
all right this overwatch League thing it
just is it's just way too much too soon
there you know like I really appreciate
it was funny when LCS occurred right
there were people won't remember this
now but there were like a there's a ton
of conversation in the eSports industry
and among the fans that riot was trying
to push way too fast way too hard and
that they were you know not doing things
organically and I very much disagreed
with that so I I see that as a caveat
because now I'm going to say all the
same things that people said how they
all see us about overwatch League but I
don't think that you know whenever riot
made what was a far less or far smaller
bet by creating the LCS they had a way
bigger proof of concept then Blizzard
does with the overwatch League and if
you want to hear me super rant about all
the stuff there's a video I did with
thorn and a couple of the guys from the
overwatch scene that's up over on his
channel for it was an eSports Ilan but
it's a whole lot of conversation about I
think some of the problems that I see
with the way they are structuring this
saying with how much value they're
placing on it
the damage that a you know inflated
overwatch League could do to eSports as
a whole
etc so all that I hope it succeeds and I
hope that I am terribly wrong
there's only every incentive for me to
want this thing to succeed and you know
of course people come out and say I'm a
hater or something like that's not the
case I am just worried that it won't and
I do think that they could be damaging
if it doesn't so hopefully they answer
questions smash Marcus I agree with that
but thanks so much for calling in smash
Oh goodnight yeah yeah you want to bring
yoni in yeah he's checking out choking
out yoni for those of you that don't
know I used to work at quests when they
were at quest nutrition when they were
sponsoring the export space worked at
Team Liquid until recently announced
taking on a new role and another company
so we'll be bringing him on the show and
just a moment again subs are 50% off
right now you can sub to the stream half
off what a deal and yoni is joining us
right now how's it going the Oni hey
guys first off just want to say big fan
of the two of you I've been for a long
time and really appreciate all that you
guys do for the league scene Oh we'll
leave you both with a little bit of a
softball what is the thing that both of
you separately are most proud of that
you guys have done in the eSports space
I'm very curious
well first off yoni you didn't answer
the question that everybody asked its
asked which is where you come from
oh I'm calling from probably within two
miles of the two of you here in
beautiful Los Angeles California we're
good yoni are you able to speak to what
role cuz you know this is I think the
first eSports industry individual we've
had you know calling to the show so far
can you speak to what your role is in
the industry as you're asking this
question sure I got my start working for
quest nutrition doing all of their
marketing and branding within eSports
and gaming continued on to work with
team liquid in a branding marketing
account management sales rule and now I
work for catalyst sports and media which
is an advisory firm within the eSports
base most recently we're able were you
responsible for the NV fundraising that
just got announced ah I was not
personally known well then well let's
just answer the question
thing that we're most excited for our
most proud of that we've accomplished
mark was it getting Team Liquid as
successful as they've ever been I mean
that's probably up there I think I think
season four would have been when I was
most proud of because it didn't feel
like we fell apart it felt like we came
up short it just felt like lmq was
probably the better team and we put up a
really good fight
we started choking a little bit when we
had the leads and we lost the game but
it never felt like there was that kind
of huge friction and falling apart that
happened in season five we were super
close all of us put in like insane hours
is my first year in eSports so it was it
was a pretty like it was really a huge
fucking grind but it was still had a
little bit of magic to it even despite
that so I think that'll always be one of
the things I'm most proud of taking a
team that like was facing relegations in
spring of 20 or summer 2013 and getting
to like this close to Worlds and
birthing a meme in the process LP Fink's
327 and twitch Estes Travis's answer is
going to be on homelessness I was a
pretty big contribution to the scene or
so some people would say I I kind of
have two answers on a individual level
my content from a Content perspective
the thing I'm most proud of creating was
faith which is a documentary about
doublelift
that I created with Damian Estrada who
all three of us know very well it's a
three-part series that I think is maybe
the best content I've ever made and I'm
sure carried by Damian's excellent
production skills on a sort of broader
level I'm really proud of what happened
with Yahoo eSports basically you know
got to the helm of that
and then with about within about a year
became just a dominant media group
within the eSport space and a big brand
and so many people had said you know
Yahoo like that's like my grandma's
email I uh what they have not been
relevant for every Yahoo in 2k 17 Lowell
you know but by the end of eight you
know two people people who were very
very sad about us going away and they
you know even when we were running the
smash tournament people were asking if
they could buy Yahoo e sports jerseys
you know such a big turnaround from you
know where we were when we started so I
thank you so much though for the
question you only I really the type of
person who had one job got really greedy
decided to take another when some of us
are still looking for them you know you
know well hopefully Travis you know will
will be able to find you something new
good and soon they are you hiring it um
let me talk to my boss about yeah thank
you that you guys know I have appreciate
Travis I have translatable skillsets on
like you or I so they can find work
again
okay bye yoni okay you I see we've got
two people queued up maybe that's how
one machine these two folks yeah so one
of them I think has a serious question
and one doesn't so I will try and get
the serious one first Thank You Sunna
Friday for the sub really appreciate it
reminder subs are half off right now
what a deal what a deal you get look at
all these amazing emotes you get throw
them in the twitch chat great great
situation and thanks everyone for tuning
in to the pilot of our show really
excited about the turnout you know we
have pretty good pretty good number of
people hello and where we have penitent
tangent I was going to see see he could
say right mark I'm doing a lot of stuff
right now
nervous where are you calling from
I'm calling from Arizona from where
Arizona Arizona
so one state over what's the what's the
heat than like over there recently it's
really overblown people living in
Arizona are used to it it's not that hot
yeah you guys had a trump rally not too
long ago that's all it's exciting for
the state I'm sure let's keep you
someplace rather what's your question
for us relative I just wanted to know
what you guys thought would be the most
exciting or most storied matchup
regardless of the actual draws cuz you
know that the draws might only allow
certain teams to actually face each
other but what would be out of all the
teams going like the coolest matchup
that could be facing I am excited for
the TSM SKT final I think that that is
going to be let's knock out like
including the the like where it is and
in the match you know like there's other
wise for the team and mine over after
groups decided who's the best region in
the world but yeah of course that's the
best storyline yeah
yeah I mean so we I mean regardless of
their I don't know I mean I think the
draws got pretty lucky that we get to
SKT EDG again but other than that I've
been having trouble like figuring out
what a really good matchup would be it
just seems like there's a bit of a reset
that's occurred I don't see like it
anytime na goes up against Europe and
especially given our record against
their suppose the best team I think
that's well I mean I think most people
say GT was their best team yeah I know I
know rift rivals happen but there's also
something called MSI I don't remember I
did that I don't think that was held
this year right I think TSM vs. g2 would
be great just because they're like
they're both clearly the best teams in
the regions they both won a shitload in
the last two years so it'd be nice to
see at the most important form of the
year the top two teams from the western
regions getting together and battling it
out so that one's cool and I'd also like
to see Sam
galaxy crisps SKT just to rematch of the
finals I was gonna say that that seems
really cool yeah that would be a good
match
not to mention like such historic brands
and the that's a good question thank you
so much penitent tangent tangent you
sent us on and just now all right oh my
god dude Oh mark you ought to grab the
last last caller yeah we'll see how this
goes yeah welcome Ron Swanson hey how's
it going wrong so wrong were you calling
from South Carolina South Carolina
alright yipping no nobody else was from
South Carolina we didn't have any
duplicates I don't believe okay Ron can
you do you have a specific question for
us or should we discuss the you know
topic that we were marks been looking
for I don't have any questions I'm just
here because you asked for it
obnoxious TSM all right so just describe
the levels of your obnoxious and it's
like we've heard a couple people on the
spectrum where are you on the TSM
obnoxious spectrum I think out of
everyone that you've talked to him the
highest I like went on a huge rant after
world's last year they got really pissed
that we lost so where did you go on the
racket annoyed on Twitter
I don't use reddit okay would you
describe yourself as like a shit poster
though like when bjergsen tweets oh
sorry we let you down team fans are you
one of the people who responds to that
tweet and says like kill yourself or
anything like that
I'll say kill yourself I'm like dude you
fucking have you know you tweeted at a
player that they suck yeah all right so
what all right we're learning we're
learning here so what drew you to TSM is
a brand well I started playing like
beginning of season six so I was just
looking through YouTube for league stuff
and I found TSM legends okay I was like
this is really cool so I got really deep
into the team okay and so TSM legends
and what specifically these are just the
personalities of the players or
yeah I think like the ability to feel
like you're connecting with the players
by watching that yeah it's kinda cool
all right now why do you think it is
that you can't express your faith like
windiest uses what is the philosophy the
reasoning for going on like a Twitter
rant you know I my thought process is
always at TSM like last year
specifically because that's my started
watching that they were good enough to
get way far there in world they just
didn't play like it okay
it is annoyed me you know yeah so they
let you down yeah alright and you know
listen that's fair TSM went down a lot
of people last year at Worlds
but not everyone went to Twitter and
ranted angrily about it and that's fine
it's fine that you did it like where I'm
not there's no judgment here but what
was the impulse like did you feel like
you just needed a vent or yeah you
wanted it or what was it yeah I don't
know I just I get kilted really easily
so once you shit like that I just go I
need to tell someone my frustrations let
someone know that they should have done
better at Worlds yeah uh do you hope
that they they read it or did you not
really care this was just like you
spewing your emotions out I mean it
would be kind of nice if they read it
but it'd be nice it wasn't a main goal
okay it would be nice if they know my
frustration okay do do you feel like
you're fresh do you feel like your
frustrations out rival their
frustrations whenever I definitely don't
think that okay just in the heat of the
moment you know get really tilted say oh
do you play League of Legends is a game
yeah have you ever been you know
punished for behavioral issues and it's
really funny cuz legit two days ago I
got punished and I couldn't talk and
chat for ten games okay that was my
first time being punished right do you
ever receive like harassment by other
people like do you have a TSM loge or
anything cuz one of the guys was saying
oh you know did you at the last game I
played I have TSM logo the new world's
one and as long as I put TSM fan ball
now just like
mean okay yeah I'm sure you said exactly
okay yeah that's like okay do you have
other friends that watch competitive
league of Legends and that's some but
not near as much as I do okay
are they are they also TSM fans I don't
think so I think they're like mortals
fans or some shit like that
okay have you ever gotten like an
argument like so you said you don't post
on reddit much but like what about
Twitter or anything like yeah if you're
like I think that's that's where like a
lot of the TSM fans suck mentality comes
from is like their arguments with other
people online so like yes you've spewed
on your own timeline but like has there
been a post that you've respond to you
than someone else responds to and then
you get like this back and forth oh yeah
I had a big argument about something
it was after worlds and I was just like
talking about son he was just home how
how what and I could never do good at
Worlds never and I was like that makes
no sense they have to at some point a
week you decent
yeah where do you think she has some
chances are at this world I mean I think
they're good enough team to reasonably
make semies I just they have to play
like it I feel like they're really bad
just choking on the international stage
yeah you know I think they're good
enough to be that so you play you say
that the you think that you could get to
semis this is surprising me I would
expect like most he has some fans to be
like oh they can definitely win well I
think if they really like like y'all
saying if they got really lucky and
missed out on playing like SKT gets
knocked out by someone long shoe gets
knocked out by someone then yeah they
could but realistically I would just be
happy with licit meas yeah I mean if you
think they do you think they need a
dodge Korean teams to get to the semi or
do you think they can get to the semies
through a Korean team on quarters I
think they could beat Samsung I don't I
haven't watched a long long tree so I
don't know much but I've watched SKT and
obviously they're gods but I think they
could legitimately be Samsung and
Timmy's or corals quarters yeah
who is your favorite player on TSM oh I
love hauntzer concert okay so
because he takes his shirt off oh yeah
oh he's amazing so let's say TSM gets
out it doesn't make it out of groups
this year first off all right how are
you gonna feel is it gonna be similar to
last year or your expectations lowered
my expectations are bit low but I would
be probably more nor due to the fact
that how easy this group should be okay
so you maybe you'll go on Twitter and
post all this stuff when he said a
theoretical scenario you know you see
TSM losing groups super disappointed to
go out late loot it's embarrassing they
lost to the wild card team that somehow
made it into their group yeah they were
so close to making it they just need to
get them to see and they lose some wild
cards even in their group and misfits
and the other team get out the next week
we're in the local chick-fil-a line and
South Carolina and answer is in front of
you with this girlfriend you see him you
recognize them all right what do you say
to him after he's hot and he didn't
flash alt again on Kennon yeah yeah I
would wonder if it and I say anything
answer because he's a big dude and I
would get my ass handed to me okay
because he didn't know it was me
so oh thank you so much okay so you
admit to hiding behind the keyboard
waiter yeah definitely all right and
you're okay with that yeah I mean why
not I'm very good yeah
why not we learned a lot tonight Ron and
I feel like you think you'll ever change
your final question do you think you'll
ever change your ways is there any hope
for you in the future
I mean I hope so I'm trying to be less
toxic but it's not working
you know and really isn't that just the
state of humanity as a whole we're all
trying to be less toxic I mean that
should be the goal of every human yep I
agree and really I feel like we've
learned a lot in this conversation thank
you so much Ron Swanson for your time on
the show enjoy your selling Carolina
chick-fil-a have a good one well thank
you to everyone who called in mark I
feel like this was a pretty I enjoyed
this a lot yeah I had a ton of fun yeah
I hopefully we get a chance to do this
again next week before I leave for China
and then maybe we can figure out a way
to do it once I'm in China but hopefully
the fans enjoyed it too fancy if you
enjoyed it please let us know or if you
feel like it needs to be improved feel
free to tweet at us or leave a message
or something like that you know mark and
my Twitter are up on screen right here
below blow our names a special shout out
to Benson I don't know if he's still in
the chat but Benson who did all the
graphics for the show as I say yeah and
that was really great we do have this
discord that I'm putting the info back
up on screen for if you guys want to
join I think in the future maybe we can
shut we can do some sort of announcement
or post when it'll show it's gonna go
live again and then that'll but I'll
allow you we see it we have 83 people on
the discord so maybe if you didn't get a
chance to ask a question this time in
the future you will be able to mark you
have anything you want to shout out nope
thanks everybody for watching thank you
for calling in I'm glad nobody trolled
us that was a big concern that we get
someone in the waiting room they seem
reasonable they get on air they start
screaming but pretty cool fans overall I
guess I like ya know I think we were
worried you know I thought this would be
awkward or shitty but yeah and hopefully
we get some guests on as well everyone
this has been hotline League thank you
so much for watching tune in next time
you
what if what if I was
everyone what if I never actually left
and you can still hear my voice on the
stream
just a ghost
a ghost you know you've heard of ghost
in the shell' this is ghost on the
stream shocking isn't it
you thought you were safe but here I am
thank you thank you to everyone who
supported the show tonight that was
really nice of you I'm probably gonna
host somebody who should I hosts I think
I have an idea for I'm gonna host Oh
skipper we need to move cars
you